hey everyone welcome to this my fourth
video in an eight
part series that is all about effective
communication
for leaders in the first video i talked
about why i'm making this series in the
first place
and it really comes down to one daunting
or even embarrassing statistic
about how employees feel about how their
leaders are
as communicators check out that video
because the statistic
is not good and you'll understand why
i'm doing this series
the second video was all about something
called the huddle
and how you can really make an impact on
your employees
by organizing this weekly structure
and listening intently the third video
was about public
speaking and the skills that are
necessary in order to earn
the confidence of those you are leading
and this video is for anyone who is in a
management position in an
office or a director or really leading
any group of people
heck even if you're not a leader but you
hope to be a leader one day
one really effective tip and this might
be the shortest video
in the series is to walk around the
office
now some of you may be watching this
during the covid global pandemic
time of not working in an office or
perhaps you're a virtual leader where
you lead people remotely
and that's okay i'm going to share a tip
at the end of this video that relates to
you
but for those of you who are used to
going to an office environment
and seeing the co-workers that you work
with on a regular basis
it is so important for leaders to take
the time
every single day and go around the
office
and chat to people not about work not
about deadlines not about expectations
on
getting something done those
conversations happen organically anyways
the goal of this is every morning to
check in and see how people are doing
the best leaders i have worked with are
so good at doing this
every single day perhaps they grab their
morning cup of coffee and they do a
quick loop it doesn't take that much
time
i mean if you work in a company with
like 500 employees
i get it that might be a little bit
difficult you have to scale this within
reason
but if you work in a company that even
has 20
other co-workers or employees going
around and just popping by for a couple
minutes each
and asking people how their how their
days go and how their mornings going so
far what they did the previous weekend
if they have any plans coming
up how their significant other is doing
how their family is doing
these conversations may seem
insignificant
but really when it boils down to it
these are the types of things that
affect
whether somebody loves working at the
company they're working for
or whether they feel like they're part
of the family of the office
and when you have that feeling all of a
sudden
the work performance that you do as an
employee
definitely goes up a level because you
feel appreciated by the place that you
work
and you want to do more for that company
the benefit to you as a leader is that
you're building that trusting
relationship
and if employees are having problems or
challenges they're not going to keep it
bottled up inside
it's more likely that they feel
comfortable approaching you
and telling you about those things now
for those who are working
virtually or this isn't possible to
physically walk
by each person's cubicle or office my
tip for you
is to check in with a phone call now i
know we're all on virtual zoom calls and
it's nice seeing people face to face
but the phone call has become somewhat
of a lost art
so many of us are communicating through
slack or text message or email
or zoom call on the other level where
you have video and audio
but picking up the phone and calling an
employee just to see how they're doing
i mean it will catch them off guard in a
positive
way now with the walk around the office
tip that was something that i think you
should do
every day or every couple days you might
not phone up an employee every single
day i understand that
but doing it periodically just to chat
and see how they're doing maybe on a
weekly basis
it's going to go such a long way in
again
keeping that relationship tight
connected and establishing you
as a leader who knows how to communicate
to your staff i hope you enjoyed this
the fourth video in an
eight part series about communication
tips for leaders
if you like the content please subscribe
to my channel
i am passionate about all things
impactful communication
and make sure you check out the rest of
the videos in the playlist